=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Test::CleanNamespaces - Check for uncleaned imports

=head1 VERSION

version 0.18

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use strict;
    use warnings;
    use Test::CleanNamespaces;

    all_namespaces_clean;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module lets you check your module's namespaces for imported functions you
might have forgotten to remove with L<namespace::autoclean> or
L<namespace::clean> and are therefore available to be called as methods, which
usually isn't want you want.

=head1 FUNCTIONS

All functions are exported by default.

=head2 namespaces_clean

    namespaces_clean('YourModule', 'AnotherModule');

Tests every specified namespace for uncleaned imports. If the module couldn't
be loaded it will be skipped.

=head2 all_namespaces_clean

    all_namespaces_clean;

Runs L</namespaces_clean> for all modules in your distribution.

=head1 METHODS

The exported functions are constructed using the the following methods. This is
what you want to override if you're subclassing this module.

=head2 build_namespaces_clean

    my $coderef = Test::CleanNamespaces->build_namespaces_clean;

Returns a coderef that will be exported as C<namespaces_clean> (or the
specified sub name, if provided).

=head2 build_all_namespaces_clean

    my $coderef = Test::CleanNamespaces->build_all_namespaces_clean;

Returns a coderef that will be exported as C<all_namespaces_clean>.
(or the specified sub name, if provided).
It will use
the C<find_modules> method to get the list of modules to check.

=head2 find_modules

    my @modules = Test::CleanNamespaces->find_modules;

Returns a list of modules in the current distribution. It'll search in
C<blib/>, if it exists. C<lib/> will be searched otherwise.

=head2 builder

    my $builder = Test::CleanNamespaces->builder;

Returns the C<Test::Builder> used by the test functions.

=head1 KNOWN ISSUES

Uncleaned imports from L<Mouse> classes are incompletely detected, due to its
lack of ability to return the correct method list -- it assumes that all subs
are meant to be callable as methods unless they originated from (were imported
by) one of: L<Mouse>, L<Mouse::Role>, L<Mouse::Util>,
L<Mouse::Util::TypeConstraints>, L<Carp>, L<Scalar::Util>, or L<List::Util>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<namespace::clean>

=item *

L<namespace::autoclean>

=item *

L<namespace::sweep>

=item *

L<Sub::Exporter::ForMethods>

=item *

L<Test::API>

=item *

L<Sub::Name>

=item *

L<Sub::Install>

=item *

L<MooseX::MarkAsMethods>

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::CleanNamespaces>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Florian Ragwitz <rafl@debian.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2009 by Florian Ragwitz.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=head1 CONTRIBUTOR

=for stopwords Karen Etheridge

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=cut
